Hi guys, in this tutorial we're going to
create a nice environment like this.
A mountain small mountain and a beach
Iceland like the rockus water
and other things. Okay, let's go. Okay,
first thing first create new project
this project layer is landscape. I'm
going to go here to the file create new
level empty level.
Once it's done, let's create landscape.
Hit create.
After that, let's go to the window
environment light mixer.
From this, create skylight directional
light. Create sky atmosphere for cloud
f. Finally,
enable this one.
Now, let's go here to the fab add f
marketplace. Let's download some assets.
Let's search for house.
Let's price for free.
For example, let's see this house. Add
to my library. Add to project.
Now let's download some rocks. Cliff
press for free.
Add the project.
[Music]
This one.
This one. This one's for free art
project.
And let's search for one more clean
works.
It applies for free.
Just this one for example
and let's go here.
Now let's add the material for my land
from the starter content. You have to go
here add content starter content
add to my project
file.
Now let's save this current level
01.
Okay. Let's go here to the content the
starter content material. Choose this.
Select the landscape.
We go to here
down and drag this one right here.
After that, we have to add some plugins.
Save all.
Let's go here to the edit
motor.
Enable this plugin.
land
in
okay restart the engine to continue the
work. Okay,
finally restarting to close the plugin
tag and return here to the content. Open
my map.
Now let's go here to landscape.
Go boom manage blueprint.
Select brush.
Okay. Land mouse brush and click here.
After that go here.
Okay. Make it like this.
Now
W. Press Alt and
duplicate
like this. Let's
go to select this point and press
alt.
Drag this one. Alt make another point.
Alt and drag this.
Okay.
Select this point. Alt.
Make another point.
Okay. After that,
select the first one and let's go down
like here.
Select this
and make it addive.
Okay,
change the degrees.
Okay, it's good. Now angle
or the Z offset. Now let's go ahead to
start me. Let's go find this.
Go to the blue ring. Make
three is good.
Get noise.
Make some noise here.
Good. Okay.
Think this good
and this place.
Now let's select
the other one.
Okay.
I think it's good. Let's select it and
press R
to make it uh bigger on this side
like a mountain.
Okay. After that
what we have to do we have to go here
the selection mode and let's go here
search for water
water body motion.
Uh it looks really not nice. And we have
this one affected land and skin but make
it here
to begin not affected.
Okay.
Make this one.
And now let's add the rocks here.
sandbox.
It looks nice right now. Uh, now we have
to go here.
Go to the fab.
Let's add my cliff.
You guys can try these static messages.
Let's go here.
Make it bigger.
Make it down
this rocks little bit.
Press R to duplicate this
from those corners
and make it right here.
Okay, I think this landscape is good as
beach is a good beach.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial.
Subscribe to the channel. Support me on
the Patreon for more tutorials like